82091: Custom Domains for replicated.app (#1253)
replicatedhq/replicated-docs: docs/partials/custom-domains/_limitations.mdx

- A single custom domain cannot be used for multiple endpoints. For example, a single domain can map to `registry.replicated.com` for any number of applications, but cannot map to both `registry.replicated.com` and `proxy.replicated.com`, even if the applications are different.

> - Custom domains cannot be used to alias api.replicated.com (platform market API) or other services.

Reviewer: The phrase "platform market API" is verging on an internal use term. Even in the platform days, we tried hard not to use the phrase "market" w/ customers. I would recommend this:

```suggestion
- Custom domains cannot be used to alias api.replicated.com (legacy customer-facing APIs) or other services.
```

Author: Agreed, I'm going with the first one because it is more explicit for KOTS users.
